‘FoodGram’ is a web application which is specially dedicated to food reviews (one of a kind social media platform for the ‘foodies’). Food lovers can create a personal account in this web application to share their food and beverage experiences as reviews/photographs with the other food lovers around the world. A user can upload their food photographs with a caption for it in their personal account’s content page, so the other people who follows the particular user can view the content and share their thoughts as comments, and like the relevant content to appreciate the person who shared the review. When a follower does any of the above-mentioned reaction to the content, the original author of the content will receive notifications. In this application, the content author receives the content delete, and modify options as features, on the other hand, the follower who did the reaction to that content gets to get the delete and modify options as well. As developers of this application, we will be using React.js to develop the client application (the frontend), and to make the connection between the client application and the ‘FoodGram’ database we will be using Java Spring Boot for the REST application programming interface implementation. Authentication and authorization purposes will be handled by Spring Security framework. The entire project will be managed using the GitHub workflow to ensure that the changes done by each developer are up-to-date, well-tested, reviewed, and deployed.
